README.md, before:


# ___COMPONENT_NAME___

TODO: 

## Specifications

The ___component_name___ specifications on Zeroheight is [here](TODO:).

![Figma anatomy](https://github.com/adevinta/___REPOSITORY_NAME___/blob/main/.github/assets/anatomy.png)

## Usage

___COMPONENT_NAME___ is available both in UIKit and SwiftUI.

### UIKit

### Usage

#### Subviews

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Properties

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Published Properties

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Initialization

```swift
let ___component_name___ = ___COMPONENT_NAME___UIView(
    TODO: TODO
)
```

#### Getter / Setter

TODO


### SwiftUI

#### Initialization

```swift
let ___component_name___ = ___COMPONENT_NAME___View(
    TODO: TODO
)
```

#### Modifier

TODO


## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Adevinta

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

[Divider#1034] Added ViewModel + UIKit view

README.md, after:


# Divider

TODO: 

## Specifications

The divider specifications on Zeroheight is [here](TODO:).

![Figma anatomy](https://github.com/adevinta/spark-ios-component-divider/blob/main/.github/assets/anatomy.png)

## Usage

Divider is available both in UIKit and SwiftUI.

### UIKit

### Usage

#### Subviews

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Properties

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Published Properties

* `TODO`: TODO.

#### Initialization

```swift
let divider = DividerUIView(
    TODO: TODO
)
```

#### Getter / Setter

TODO


### SwiftUI

#### Initialization

```swift
let divider = DividerView(
    TODO: TODO
)
```

#### Modifier

TODO


## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Adevinta

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
